# quick-sip
Gulp build process tasks that provide watchify and sass compilation.

## Project Layout
Here is an example project hierarchy that will work with the default settings:

```
project
  |-- package.json
  |-- gulpfile.js
  |-- app
       |-- app.js
       |-- app.scss
       |
       |-- scripts
       |      |-- chairModel.js
       |      |-- chairView.js
       |
       |-- styles
       |      |-- _chair.scss
       |      |-- _engraved.scss
       |
       |-- index.html
```

After running the build task, a "dist" directory will be created:
```
project
   | ...
   |-- dist
        |-- app.js
        |-- app.js.map
        |-- app.css
        |
        |-- index.html
```
**app.js** is the browserified application that app.js completely specifies.
**app.js.map** is the source map for the browserified app.js bundle.
**app.scss** is compiled by sass into app.css.
**index.html** is copied from the source during the copy-resources task.

## Executing Tasks
Your **gulpfile.js** only needs the following to give you access to the build tasks:
```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp');
var buildProcess = require('quick-sip')(gulp);
```

The gulp tasks you care about are:
- **clean** - Remove the contents of the dist directory
- **build** - Builds the whole application; js, css, and resources.
- **watch** - Sets up watchify for your js, listens for scss changes, and handles other resource changes.
- **copy-resources** - Only copy the resources to dist (non-js and non-scss by default)
- **build-styles** - Only builds the styles to dist
- **build-app** - Only builds the javascript to dist

## Transforming Browserify
Easy!
```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp');
var buildProcess = require('quick-sip')(gulp, {
  browserify: {
    transforms: [
      { transform: 'aliasify', options: { global: true } },
      'hbsfy',
      yourCustomThroughTransform
    ]
  }
});
```

## Defining Resource Exclusion Extensions
Easy!
```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp');
var buildProcess = require('quick-sip')(gulp, {
  copy: {
    excludes: 'js|css|scss|hbs|frag|vert'
  }
});
```

## Configuration Details
The configurations are specified as an optional property when creating the build processes.
```javascript
var gulp = require('gulp');
var buildProcess = require('quick-sip')(gulp, options);
```
### Options
The options are grouped by task with some top level defaults.  Default values for each option is in ().  Default options are also specified in the [quick-sip/tasks/utils/options.js](tasks/utils/options.js) file.

#### Defaults
```javascript
{
  taskPrefix: '',
  src: 'app',
  dist: 'dist',
  clean: {
    skip: false,
    dist: options.dist
  },
  browserify: {
    skip: false,
    root: './' + options.src + '/app',
    transforms: [],
    out: 'app.js',
    failOnError: false,
    debug: $.util.env.type !== 'production',
    dist: options.dist
  },
  styles: {
    skip: false,
    includes: [],
    root: options.src + '/app.scss',
    dist: options.dist
  },
  copy: {
    skip: false,
    src: options.src,
    excludes: 'scss',
    dist: options.dist
  }
}
```
*Note* that the `options.` stuff is generated by merging the incoming options with the defaults.  So `copy.src` will be `'dist'` or the value you pass in for the `dist` property (which is overridden by the value you pass in for `copy.src`).

#### Base Options
##### [`taskPrefix`='']
Prefix used to prefix all task names to make them unique in your build.  Not required if you only use quick-sip or if you do not define any overlapping tasks in gulp.

##### [`src`=`'app'`]
Default source directory to use, used as the root for each task's default src references (See task specific default options below).

##### [`dist`=`'dist'`]
Default distribution directory to use, used as the root for each task's default destination references (See task specific default options below).

#### Clean task options (task name: `options.taskPrefix + 'clean'`):
##### [`clean.skip`=`false`]
Whether the clean task should be skipped (`true`) or run (`false`).

##### [`clean.dist`=`options.dist`]
Defaults to the dist value in the base options.  This is the directory that clean will delete when run.

#### Browserify task options (task name: `options.taskPrefix + 'build-app'`):
##### [`browserify.skip`=`false`]
Whether the browserify (`build-app`) task should be skipped (`true`) or run (`false`).

##### [`browserify.root`=`'./' + options.src + '/app'`]
The root javascript file to start browserify.
With no configuration quick-sip will browserify `'[your project]/app/app.js'`.

##### [`browserify.transforms`=`[]`]
Collection of transforms to apply when running browserify.  They can either be a value that browserify can consume natively (see [browserify's transform option](https://www.npmjs.com/package/browserify#b-transform-tr-opts)).
Alternatively you can also specify options for the transform using
```javascript
{
  transform: [transform name or function],
  options: [options to pass in for the transform]
}
```

##### [`browserify.out`=`'app.js'`]
The name of the file in the `browserify.dist` directory to save the browserified bundle.
With no configuration quick-sip will save the resulting browserified file to `'[your project]/dist/app.js'`.

##### [`browserify.failOnError`=`false`]
Whether the browserify task should fail on the first error it encounters (`true`) and error the build or print out all failures it encounters and return success for the overall build.

##### [`browserify.debug`=`$.util.env.type !== 'production'`]
Whether to run browserify in debug mode (`true`) or non-debug mode (`false`).  Defaults to checking if the current environment is production (non-debug mode) or some other environment (debug mode).

##### [`browserify.dist`=`options.dist`]
The distribution directory for the files generated by the browserify process.
With no configuration quick-sip will save all browserified files to `'[your project]/dist'`.

#### Styles task options (task name: `options.taskPrefix + 'build-styles'`)
##### [`styles.skip`=`false`]
Whether the styles (`build-styles`) task should be skipped (`true`) or run (`false`).

##### [`styles.includes`=`[]`]
Array of paths to additional locations of files used by the sass plugin (see [node-sass includePaths option](https://github.com/sass/node-sass#includepaths)).

##### [`styles.root`=`options.src + '/app.scss'`]
The root file to run the sass on.
With no configuration quick-sip will run sass on `'[your project]/app/app.scss'`.

##### [`styles.dist`=`options.dist`]
The destination directory for the resulting .css file.
With no configuration quick-sip will save the css file to `'[your project]/dist/app.css'`.

#### Copy task options (task name: `options.taskPrefix + 'copy-resources'`)
##### [`copy.skip`=`false`]
Whether the styles (`copy-resources`) task should be skipped (`true`) or run (`false`).

##### [`copy.src`=`options.src`]
The source directory to copy from.  The task will copy all files matching:
```javascript
[
  options.copy.src + '/**/*.*',
  '!' + options.copy.src + '/**/*.+(' + options.copy.excludes + ')'
]
```

##### [`copy.excludes`=`'scss'`]
This is a regex that matches any files you want excluded from the copy task.
Example that excludes lots of file types: 'js|css|scss|hbs|frag|vert'

##### [`copy.dist`=`options.dist`]
The destination directory for the copied files.
With no configuration quick-sip will save the files to `'[your project]/dist/'`.

# Generating individual tasks
You can generate a single task instead of the default bundle and watch tasks (along with all of their dependent tasks).  The individual task generators are imported separately from the top-level quick-sip import.  The options are the exact same format and defaults as defined [above](#options).

## `clean`
```javascript
  require('quick-sip/tasks/clean')(gulp, {
    taskPrefix: 'mr-',
    clean: {
      dist: 'build'
    }
  });
```
This config will create a task named 'mr-clean' that deletes the `'build'` directory.

## `build-app`
```javascript
  require('quick-sip/tasks/build-app')(gulp, {
    taskPrefix: 'my-',
    browserify: {
      root: 'app/main',
      transforms: [
        { transform: 'aliasify', options: { globals: true } },
        'hbsfy'
      ],
      dist: 'build'
    }
  });
```
This config will create a task named `'my-build-app'` that will generate a `'build/app.js'` file that is a bundle generated from `'app/main.js'` and uses the `'alisify'` transform with the globals option set to true along with the the `'hbsfy'` transform.

## `build-styles`
```javascript
  require('quick-sip/tasks/build-styles')(gulp, {
    taskPrefix: 'my-',
    styles: {
      root: 'main.scss'
    }
  });
```
This config will create a task named 'my-build-styles' that takes `'main.scss'` and compiles it into `'dist/app.css'`.

## `copy-resources`
```javascript
  require('quick-sip/tasks/copy-resources')(gulp, {
    taskPrefix: 'my-',
    copy: {
      src: 'src/main',
      excludes: 'js|scss',
      dist: 'build'
    }
  });
```
This config will create a task named `'my-copy-resources'` that will copy the resources from `'src/main'` to `'build'` and exclude any `js` or `scss` files.
